what is heard
Katya Dudkina manages transportation and
Kemerovo train traffic on the nursery
steel line and so far only
the layout where the whole is modeled
infrastructure of this road despite
props boat easily presents itself
in the role of station dispatcher like
what can we feel in the role
dispatchers and exercise earn
some skills yes of course
difficult profession even now here on
these mockups we can feel it
this mockup simulator is not inferior
complex on which students are taught
it is not portly technical schools claims
teacher stanislav dubrovsky
stanislav life road in the third
generation graduate from Novosibirsk
University of Communications on
Highways worked as a train maker
and the station attendant will open ok
Well, time to the children's railway
stanislav dubrovsky invited in
training center where he is more than five years old
teaches boys and girls wisdom
train control
mind half the theory and that's after the new
the year of February
soot for the compass which is presented here
these are three door stations of which
controlled by computer and 1
with the help of the remote unit that is there
all the same color any malfunction
which you can possibly set and
work out in principle if the duty
would sit real through his head
the machine would ask any malfunction and
working out the actions of the duty plus
train dispatcher as he should
interaction here live by station
in case of breakdown on the repair of miniature
cars and locomotives
sent to class by modeling
Here children can make from henchmen
materials and any type of car to teach
lesson coach will dye
and make young masters in the classroom
modeling about its various machine tools and
instruments
they learn to create a valid model
Locomotive stations and hubs
we make models
trains of trains we make wagons here
we make a tree made of
ordinary straws paint them to glue
the result of genuine children's interest
kris and diesel locomotive iron mockups
roads they create for example
manufactured by 2013 mock arrow
20-30 was presented at the idea of the exhibition
Russian Railways
all creations are pretty
high quality this is a mock iron
production road with investments in
In this case, that sure income
stations made the stations
bridge
the way about the present has been laid
electrician connected
have to say that until dokleit
several cars
finish to this layout set
diploma that is, and then this layout will be
ready from what parts of the units is
real carriage guys learn in the classroom
Rome and Ushakova at the rate wagons and
wagon farm
as a visual material she
uses glands in kind
the value here goes here
I feel like you are stretching now.
what happened here signal just
cream on red in gamut yes it talks about
the fact that the automatic coupling can be melted
cars times the hedges on the principle
maximum realism equipped class
locomotive housekeeping runaway runaway
under the wheels of the locomotive was the machine
instruments and levers on the control panel
trainer simulator pride
gaming children's highways sold
well good
gives realism to all this well yes
there are difficulties sometimes something is not
I have time to do so.
this is the children's railway itself
Young on the network of Russian Railway but 1 and Five Year Plan
the shock came out in this short time
training center has become the most popular
vocational guidance institution
school gamers, and not only to
children would not be interested they
would not have resorted vessels from other cities
even close to him
move themselves from Berezovsky
today there were kids getting to classes
lesson here takes place in two shifts and in
certain days of the week
but in the corridors of the center you will not see the usual
for school hustle and bustle though in general
more than 700 children study here annually
at first they take lessons
train control and simulator
machinist like a game but two years later
learning
almost all of them know exactly who they want to be
in adult life future concepts
same transport and works by profession
machinist and machinist assistant
I have already decided that I will connect my life with
by rail
i want to be us with a place and more i would
wanted a driver for passenger trains
more interesting dad on my car
trucker truck and he decided
later on by profession
I'll go but I'll go to the machinist
on the thirteenth year and we have a situation
be this way of our graduates
25 people
entered a higher education institution then
there are in particular 2 of our body from
Road is an option I can
25 people of us have enrolled in
our technical school knives road by analogy
let's say with previous years there is growth
there is a growing dynamics there are in particular
pause helena kemerovo child
railway almost 4 kilometers along
rails from pioneer station to station
urban runs 2 3 carriage composition
traffic on few highways traditionally
It opens on June 1, but the guys are already with
impatiently waiting for blizzards to subside
spring will come and then summer will begin
practice on which they should actually
show you are ready to become future
professionals of the Russian glands
roads